Tidy up and clarify pointer masking spec (#782)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/ptrmask-integration.adoc

which are still based on XLEN, not the new effectively addressable space.
That is, the maximum length of a capability does not change, and
it is not invalid to have a capability that covers a longer range than could be actually be addressed with pointer masking enabled (such as one that covers the entire XLEN address space).
For the <<section_cap_representable_check, representable range check>>, both the original and new addresses
are masked.
Bounds setting instructions also mask the address in the same way.

NOTE: Because dynamically changing the number of masked bits changes the interpretation of a capability,
software must take the same care when sharing capabilities between address spaces with differing pointer masking
as it generally must when sharing capabilities between address spaces with different page mappings.

Any address that is checked against a capability
is also first subject to the same masking as bounds decode (masking without extension).
After any CHERI operations, the final access address is still subject to as much sign extension as the pointer masking extensions mandate.

In summary, for data accesses only:

> * When encoding bounds ({SCBNDS}/{SCBNDSI}/{SCBNDSR}), bits [XLEN-1:XLEN-PMLEN] of the base address are set to zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When setting bounds ({SCBNDS}/{SCBNDSI}/{SCBNDSR}), bits [XLEN-1:XLEN-PMLEN] of the address are set to zero and therefore the resulting capability will have a base with the PMLEN high address bits set to zero.
```

* When decoding bounds, the address used for decoding has bits [XLEN-1:XLEN-PMLEN] set to zero.
* When checking the <<section_cap_representable_check, representable range>> for {CADDI}/{CADD}/{SCADDR}, the old address and new addresses both have bits [XLEN-1:XLEN-PMLEN] set to zero *before* the check.

Also note that:

* <<pcc>> bounds decoding isn't affected by pointer masking.

> * Any <<section_cap_representable_check, representable range check>> triggered by a write to a CSR (e.g. <<mtvec_y>>) are not affected by pointer masking.

Reviewer: Hm this is just because it only affects data pointers and only affects user mode? What about jvtc?

are masked.
Bounds setting instructions also mask the address in the same way.

NOTE: Because dynamically changing the number of masked bits changes the interpretation of a capability,
software must take the same care when sharing capabilities between address spaces with differing pointer masking
as it generally must when sharing capabilities between address spaces with different page mappings.

Any address that is checked against a capability
is also first subject to the same masking as bounds decode (masking without extension).
After any CHERI operations, the final access address is still subject to as much sign extension as the pointer masking extensions mandate.

The summary below makes use of the _transformed_effective_address_ defined above where the upper PMLEN bits of the effective address are set to 0.

In summary:

* When encoding bounds (<<SCBNDS>>/<<SCBNDSI>>/<<SCBNDSR>>), the base address is set to the _transformed_effective_address_.
** `base = {PMLEN{0}},rs1.address[XLEN-PMLEN-1:0]`.
* When decoding bounds (<<GCBASE>>), `{cd}` is set to the _transformed_effective_address_.

> ** `{cd} = {PMLEN{0}},decoded_base[XLEN-PMLEN-1:0]`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is always true, we just mask off the high address bits when computing the base, I think with a sufficiently large exponent the computed base could be larger than the masked address?
